Add instructions for deploying migration assistant. (#8798)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _migrations/deploying-migration-assistant/configuration-options.md

# Configuration options

This page outlines the configuration options for three key migrations scenarios:

1. **Metadata migration**
2. **Backfill migration with `Reindex-from-Snapshot` (RFS)**

> 3. **Live capture migration with Capture and Replay (C&R)**

Author: Switched to capitalized.

> Each of these migrations depend on either a snapshot or a capture proxy. They are shown as AWS Cloud Deployment Kits (CDKs). The CDKs on this page are shown as separate blocks for each migration type. If you are performing a migration that suits multiple scenarios, these options can be combined in the migration console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of these migrations depend on either a snapshot or a capture proxy. There are example cdk.context.json configurations that are used by AWS Cloud Deployment Kits (CDKs) to deploy and configure the Migration Assistant. The example cdk.context.json configurations on this page are shown as separate blocks for each migration type. If you are performing a migration that suits multiple scenarios, these options can be combined.
```

Yea... this is a confusing workflow.  So there is a file called `cdk.context.json` that is used to provided parameters to the CDK tool for deploying Migration Assistant.  Changing the parameters following the recommendations below changes what is deployed and how it is configured.  So I'd call these examples parameter templates or deployment context templates.  After a user configures the cdk.context.json, then they deploy with CDK and then they can start using the MA via the migration console.

Also tweaked that final statement, the migration console is the 'control panel' for all these different migration types and sadly it cannot update the deployed features.

> For a complete list of configuration options, please refer to the [opensearch-migrations-options.md](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration/options.md). If there is a configuration option you would like that is not found on this page, open an issue in OpenSearch Migrations repository.

Author: ```suggestion
For a complete list of configuration options, see [opensearch-migrations-options.md](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/deployment/cdk/opensearch-service-migration/options.md). If there is a configuration option you would like that is not found on this page, open an issue in OpenSearch Migrations repository.
```

}
```

Performing an RFS backfill migration requires an existing snapshot. 

The RFS configuration uses the following options. All options are optional. 

| Name  | Example | Description |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `reindexFromSnapshotServiceEnabled` | `true` | Enables deploying and configuring the RFS ECS service. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `reindexFromSnapshotServiceEnabled` | `true` | Enables deployment and configuration of the RFS ECS service. |
```

> | `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs` | `"--target-aws-region us-east-1 --target-aws-service-signing-name es"` | Extra arguments for the Document Migration command, with space separation. See the [RFS Extra Arguments](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/DocumentsFromSnapshotMigration/README.md#arguments) for more details. You can pass `--no-insecure` to remove the `--insecure` flag. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs` | `"--target-aws-region us-east-1 --target-aws-service-signing-name es"` | Extra arguments for the Document Migration command, with space separation. See [RFS Extra Arguments](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/DocumentsFromSnapshotMigration/README.md#arguments) for more information. You can pass `--no-insecure` to remove the `--insecure` flag. |
```

To view all available arguments for `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs`, see [Snapshot migrations README](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/DocumentsFromSnapshotMigration/README.md#arguments). At a minimum, no extra arguments may be needed.

## Live capture migration with C&R 

> The following sample CDK performs a live capture migration with C&R

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following sample CDK performs a live capture migration with C&R:
```

}
```

Performing an RFS backfill migration requires an existing snapshot. 

> The RFS CDK uses the following options. To view all available arguments for `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs`, see [Snapshot migrations README](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/DocumentsFromSnapshotMigration/README.md#arguments). At a minimum, no extra arguments may be needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RFS configuration uses the following options. To view all available arguments for `reindexFromSnapshotExtraArgs`, see [Snapshot migrations README](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/DocumentsFromSnapshotMigration/README.md#arguments). At a minimum, no extra arguments may be needed.
```

What do you think, this work better?  Open to other approaches.

}
```

Performing a live capture migration requires that a Capture Proxy be configured to capture incoming traffic and send it to the target cluster using the Traffic Replayer service. For arguments available in `captureProxyExtraArgs`, refer to the `@Parameter` fields [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficCaptureProxyServer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/trafficcapture/proxyserver/CaptureProxy.java). For `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`, refer to the `@Parameter` fields [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java). At a minimum, no extra arguments may be needed.

| Name  | Example  | Description   |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `captureProxyServiceEnabled`    | `true`  | Enables the Capture Proxy service deployment using a CloudFormation stack.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `captureProxyServiceEnabled`    | `true`  | Enables the Capture Proxy service deployment using an AWS CloudFormation stack.  |
```

| `captureProxyExtraArgs`  | `"--suppressCaptureForHeaderMatch user-agent .*elastic-java/7.17.0.*"`  | Extra arguments for the Capture Proxy command, including options specified by the [Capture Proxy](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficCaptureProxyServer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/trafficcapture/proxyserver/CaptureProxy.java).  |

> | `trafficReplayerServiceEnabled` | `true`  | Enables the Traffic Replayer service deployment using a  CloudFormation stack.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `trafficReplayerServiceEnabled` | `true`  | Enables the Traffic Replayer service deployment using a CloudFormation stack.  |
```

| `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`      | `"--sigv4-auth-header-service-region es,us-east-1 --speedup-factor 5"`                 | Extra arguments for the Traffic Replayer command, including options for auth headers and other parameters specified by the [Traffic Replayer](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java). |

> For arguments available in `captureProxyExtraArgs`, see the `@Parameter` fields [in the `CaptureProxy.java`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficCaptureProxyServer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/trafficcapture/proxyserver/CaptureProxy.java). For `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`, see the `@Parameter` fields [in TrafficReplayer.java](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For arguments available in `captureProxyExtraArgs`, see the `@Parameter` fields in [`CaptureProxy.java`](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficCaptureProxyServer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/trafficcapture/proxyserver/CaptureProxy.java). For `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`, see the `@Parameter` fields in [TrafficReplayer.java](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java).
```

## Cluster authentication options

> Both the source and target cluster can use no authentication, authentication limited to VPX, basic authentication with a username and password, or AWS Signature Version 4 scoped to a user or role.

Reviewer 2: "limited to VPX" => "limited to a VPC"?

> Both the source and target cluster can use no authentication, authentication limited to VPX, basic authentication with a username and password, or AWS Signature Version 4 scoped to a user or role.

Author: ```suggestion
Both the source and target cluster can use no authentication, authentication limited to VPC, basic authentication with a username and password, or AWS Signature Version 4 scoped to a user or role.
```

}
```

Performing a live capture migration requires that a Capture Proxy be configured to capture incoming traffic and send it to the target cluster using the Traffic Replayer service. For arguments available in `captureProxyExtraArgs`, refer to the `@Parameter` fields [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficCaptureProxyServer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/trafficcapture/proxyserver/CaptureProxy.java). For `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`, refer to the `@Parameter` fields [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java). At a minimum, no extra arguments may be needed.

<details>
<summary><b>Capture and Replay specific configuration options table</b>
</summary>

| Name  | Example  | Description   |
| :--- | :--- | :--- |

> | `captureProxyServiceEnabled`    | `true`  | Enables the Capture Proxy service deployment via a new CloudFormation stack.  |

Author: ```suggestion
| `captureProxyServiceEnabled`    | `true`  | Enables the Capture Proxy service deployment using a CloudFormation stack.  |
```

| `trafficReplayerServiceEnabled` | `true`  | Enables the Traffic Replayer service deployment via a new CloudFormation stack.  |
| `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`      | `"--sigv4-auth-header-service-region es,us-east-1 --speedup-factor 5"`                 | Extra arguments for the Traffic Replayer command, including options for auth headers and other parameters specified by the [Traffic Replayer](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java). |

For arguments available in `captureProxyExtraArgs`, refer to the `@Parameter` fields [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficCaptureProxyServer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/trafficcapture/proxyserver/CaptureProxy.java). For `trafficReplayerExtraArgs`, refer to the `@Parameter` fields [here](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-migrations/blob/main/TrafficCapture/trafficReplayer/src/main/java/org/opensearch/migrations/replay/TrafficReplayer.java). At a minimum, no extra arguments may be needed.

## Cluster authentication pptions

> Both the source and target cluster can use no authentication, such as authentication limited to VPC, basic authentication with a username and password, or SigV4 scoped to a user or role.

Author: ```suggestion
Both the source and target cluster can use no authentication, such as authentication limited to VPC, basic authentication with a username and password, or AWS Signature Version 4 scoped to a user or role.
```

    }
```

> ### SigV4 authentication

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Signature Version 4 authentication
```
